0.6-8 degf.sqlsurvey now exported

      sqlrepsurvey allows degf= to be specified, defaults to number of reps - 1.

      byvars can have spaces in their levels for svymean,svytotal

      labels now printed even when there are no SEs


0.6-7 Fixed subset.sqlrepsurvey to allow subsets of subsets, bug revealed by previous fix.
      
      svylm.sqlrepsurvey now allows for some NA coefficients

0.6-6 improved missing value handling for replicate-weight designs. (Anthony Damico)

0.6-5 svyquantile.sqlrepsurvey, svylm.sqlrepsurvey, svylm.sqlsurvey use update()

0.6-4 svytotal.sqlsurvey, sqlmodelmatrix, svyplot now use update()

0.6-3 fix to ordering in svymean.sqlrepsurvey (Anthony Damico)

      svyquantile was returning confidence intervals for the median regardless of 
      what quantile was requested (Anthony Damico)

      svyquantile didn't handle the maximum or minimum. The standard errors are
      still not very accurate (since the max and min don't have Normal distributions),
      but the code now runs (Anthony Damico)

      add print method for sqlsurvey results

      switch completely to MonetDB.R, now on CRAN and listed as a dependency

0.6-2 update() now works on replicate-weight designs, with svymean() and subset()


0.6-1 fix handling of ( in sqlexpr

      fix handling of byvars with missing values in svymean.sqlsurvey

0.6  initial experiment with update() function.

     change DESCRIPTION to pretend that RMonetDB isn't a dependency,
     because of r-forge problem

0.5  always treat character variables as factors
     
     fix bug in subset.sqlsurvey design 

     fix typo in svyquantile for sqlsurvey design

     sqlexpr prints character constants with quotes

     fix typo in open.sqlsurvey [all Anthony D'Amico]

0.4-3 allow linearisation variances without any strata.

0.4-1 faster svyquantile using random sample to start.

    svyquantile drops missing observations

    better approach to subsets for replicate-weights.

    svyloglin() method for sqlrepsurvey

    svylm() works with MonetDB's flavour of SQL.

    svychisq() for Rao-Scott tests (via svyloglin)

    simple expressions can be used: eg, ~I(relp %in% 0:15)

    ~cut(x,breaks) can be used.

0.4 Renamed to sqlsurvey.

    Added support for replicate weights

    switched to JDBC and MonetDB rather than SQLite

0.3 faster creation from existing SQLite database

    added sqlocpoly for smoothing and density estimation

    added sqlhexbin
    
    open.sqlsurvey() now checks for the existence of the file

    sqlsubst() allows (and ignores) NULL replacement values


0.2 added svylm

    allowed sampling with replacement

0.1  Initial version

